It's a place of great information, both towards the motor unit.
And we see that the Tenon's capsule, you remember, this capsule,
it is ultimately connected to the entire body.
And finally, the elaboration that will also take place in a neurosensory program.
This means that it will integrate all this information, ultimately, on a tone,
a postural tone.
This postural tone is almost a postural chemistry.
This means that you have at the level
of your hypothalamus
which will integrate a lot of information
regarding the thalamus
regarding the pulvinar
regarding all these nuclei
around this ventricular system for example
it will integrate information
trophotropic or ergotropic
so that means it will give information
of sympathetic, parasympathetic type
so in other words
you will have through all this information
information that you also receive towards the hypothalamus, even through the eyes, you will have
a postural chemistry that will establish itself from a cellular plan of oxidoreduction,
of
guanine, adenosine, guanine, monophosphate, guanine, monophosphate, which will integrate
acid-base type information, if you will, in your body. And the hypothalamus will
take this information and it will give you, depending on the moment, the tonicity that
you
should have. For example, you can have a...
movement from right spiral to left, or left to right, but forward
or backward, which will be rather ergotropic or
rather trophotropic, or rather you have lost
your energy, depression, overpressure, or
the dreamers.
In fact, you will have a whole postural chemistry that will integrate into a tone
with different afferences that will occur on your system.
vertical, visual, efferent, spadoué,
so the efferent visual pathway,
which will always re-correct,
continually re-influence the information.
So you will be in continuous,
positive or negative feedback.
You will always be searching.
But it will integrate into specific spirals
that will sometimes put you
in a displacement pattern
of your center of gravity
with opening or closing of your sphincters.
So diarrhea,
constipation, mental diarrhea or mental constipation.
It's the same pattern, with specific patterns on the sympathetic plane
or parasympathetic, that you will find specific nuclei
even at the digestive level, all of which are integrated with your tone.
So you see how the eye, already, as a great source of continuous information, will integrate all these messages with all that. cortical visual pathway efference or afferent too, this information on your tonic system with a specific postural result which is the best possible adaptation you can have at the moment. There is no bad position, there is only the best functional response of the moment. So trust what you see but sometimes help the program so that it doesn't get stuck in a loop and that's where I think we need to have the word, the gaze. the gesture that must be liberating. And for that, we can only do it at the right time and in the right space, provided also that you have the right mental image. Because you must find specific routes and specific energies, both on an electrical level, to reconnect the patterns. All of this, it will be conveyed, don't forget, towards this level of the geniculate cortex, which will therefore integrate, sort. via the magno-cagno-parvo-cellular pathway with information coming from all the periphery, among others from the papesse system, to give you the most accurate information possible at the moment in a specific neurosensory pattern. You must understand the habitus phenomenon. This is where you have mappings of the same afference that are running, from which sometimes you don't know how to get out, from which sometimes you prefer not to get out because it comforts you at the moment. But at some point, it also passes. That's why meditation will help you. So that means we see what we want. And so, automatically, through these habitus patterns, we will lose a reality. This program can change the information that is seen. So the orbit, the skull, sometimes, there can be micro-lesions that you can find. These micro-lesions on the facial plane at the level of the eye, can also already change the orientation of the eye towards different programs. Certain angles of orientation, even mechanical, like the adaptation saccades that you will try to make. Just on the myofascial plane, the eye has extreme importance in its conformation of neurosensory information integration. That's why it will affect these different pathways that are integrated within it. See how you...
how you want to see, with all the information
tectospinal ascending, for example, which will be integrated
on the medullary plane, which comes back from all these programs
of memory in the facial tissue. That's why the fascia
is an extremely intelligent tissue, which can store
information, which can store a memory
with certain specific zones, like this
that can be stored. And sometimes, if you are listening
in the right place, at the right time, in the right space
with your good mapping and with the gift you offer to your patient,
it's this quality of presence,
you can have a release.
So all this mental representation,
all this habitus that you have,
ultimately, as a mental representation of the event.
Understand that it is influenceable and influenced.
Even your own tone can support your visual message.
Gutter.
And here you have a tissue.
which will undergo a field of distraction, here,
which is a first level of information of your meninges,
but which, I remind you, is still wrapped
around your entire brain,
and which will also influence everything that happens here.
If I do this, I have a whole chain that will play.
So it's this whole relationship.
dural, meningeal, which is already integrated into the eye.
This means that the eye will look at its lesion,
the eye will be facially attracted.
It's the lighthouse of all fascias.
This means that everything integrates at this level.
So you go into the preferential level of your system.
The eye cannot deceive you.
It is too pure. The eye has a purity.
The photon, here, which also integrates as a light source.
It is not just a transformation into a purely electrical change.
It can be considered on the other hand as a pure physical energy,
itself composed of a movement of particles,
or almost of wave systems.
Do you understand?
This light particle, we can find it in a release
of energy.
This means that this energy is dependent on the wavelength.
The wave is of frequency, so speed, delta.
So, if the frequency increases, the wavelength decreases,
so increase in energy.
Do you understand that?
If the speed decreases, if the frequency increases,
the wavelength will decrease,
but the light energy will be stored.
And these energies are very important because we will continually experience them.
You see?
Without...
especially seeing them. This means that from a thermal field, for example, pure, which
are captured on a retinal plane, it produces a fluidic mobilization.
And there, we see that at the level of the retina, at the level of these small discs, we have
discovered small flagella that are activated at the level
of the cones and rods.
These flagella can move towards the light.
They are not only information sensors, but also and above all pure energy sensors.
pure.
This is where we can emit light energy with our eyes,
where we can receive light energy with our eyes.
Autonomic sympathetic lesion is the most frequent cause of
physical fatigue.
This lesion will actually cause mydriasis.
And so these are...
especially the rods, which undergo this information.
This means that they are more and more agitated,
which will ultimately exhaust the sympathicotonic system of the body.
So often, it's luminous information that sometimes exhausts you.
So too many screens, for example, too many things like that, it will work on that.
For example, an adrenal lesion with irritation of the splanchnic,
with ascending irritation of the superior cervical ganglion and the carotid plexus.
with which the entire olfactory system, the pupillary reflex, is disturbed.
So you see how energetic stress can also degrade you.
So be careful with this information.
This is where it's the right luminous information.
That's why the aura is in this B zone at the beginning,
which is a luminous plane, or not.
If you are in the right place in your life, you are luminous.
That's the body of the aura.
There are people, you see them, they are not in their place, they are extinguished, because they are not in the place where they should be. I have an embryo that is like this, with my heart, the vesicle, the diaphragm that will be here, this important link here.
One of the first things we do is we have to find peace within ourselves.
You receive a possibility of wisdom, but you must...
work on it. However, the gift
that we receive, we receive within us
and that, it is hidden
like a nugget, we receive love.
This faculty of love,
this faculty of loving, that we receive
already from our mother
or from our surroundings.
And the embryo, it makes a flexion movement
like that. It does that.
It makes this great flexion movement.
And everything comes back
towards the heart.
This means that if you manage
to bring your wisdom and peace to the heart,
something will emerge around you,
a very, very beautiful energy,
which is the energy I would call an energy of devotion.
True solidarity.
You carry the message.
And there, you emanate this light from the heart.
Do you understand?
The eye will undergo all this pure energetic program
and all this interpretation program that it will make.
with a system that will integrate in the form of a program
or even first a pre-program.
You will pre-program yourself or you will program yourself, you will program.
Little by little, this makes us enter into an electrical plane of the system,
electromagnetic, luminous of the body.
This is the great dance of electrons.
This is also still an interesting thing, it's this great mobile fulcrum.
This means that the...
The heart is in the fluidic mesoderm, which becomes
the mobile fulcrum of the body and brain.
For the eye, it is the mobile fulcrum of the ectoderm that will be found.
It is a very electrical fulcrum, with an environment that is either free,
or fixed.
There is also this new volume.
The heart emits an enormous electromagnetic field, because it has a very powerful polarity.
This means that the eye, itself...
in its scheme, two large currents here.
The left heart and the right heart.
You have the right eye and the left eye.
The right hand, the left hand.
It's also linked to the heart.
You have a volemia with a whole system
where you see that the caval, vena cava system,
is displaced to the left
and the material system is slightly displaced to the right.
This means that I have two large currents.
It does like this. Look closely.
Do you understand?
This goes up towards the heart,
and this goes down on the heart.
Inverse, at the level of the eye.
Do you understand?
And so, I will have two eyes that will receive a different volemia.
If we look at the anatomy here, the path that will be taken will be different,
both at the jugular level and even at the confluences below.
So, it's a whole volemia that will integrate with a...
arterial outflow, descending, and a venous inflow,
ascending. But the opposite at the level
of the brain. This means that we will find this arterial pattern,
for example here, with
the aortic system, the brachiocephalic trunk here, and then you have the internal carotid,
which
will give a whole important process here, and another path, four entry points
into your brain, ultimately.
which will arrive here,
which will therefore vascularize
for the large
anterior two thirds
and posteriorly, one third
posterior.
By this system.
With small connections.
With the system we call
the artery, for example,
left and right vertebral, which will give the system
basilar, which will give the cerebral
posterior, you see.
And there is a small backup
with the posterior communicating artery,
to somewhat, in case of a stenosis or whatever,
still rebalance the processes.
There is an important difference, ultimately,
on a vascular level,
you see, between the left eye and the right eye.
The right will be rather linked to venous stasis,
hepatic.
On the other hand, the left eye,
it will be rather in relation to arterial hypertension.
different currents that will be found in the eye, you see, which will in fact simply be
already anatomical positions that will give specific interferences on
the visual cortex, just on the arterio-venous plane of the eye.
We find this at the testicular level, for example, where you have, for example, the vein
left and right spermatic that will not empty into the same process.
One of them will empty, the left will empty into the renal artery
and so there can be renal congestion.
which can manifest as left varicoceles, for example.
It's the same return process, differential on the right side,
where it will manifest directly because it empties directly into the caval system, ascending, if
you will.
Very often, all gynecological problems on the left side must be treated at the renal level
renal
and at the left renal vascular level.
This is this passage with this chiasm, the arteries,
with, among others, this important passage between the category and the category.
carotid and the optic nerve which gives a pulsatile information.
The eye will be dependent on the carotid system.
You see, a kind of passage with an important level that is again on this
pituitary gland.
It's not for nothing that the vascular system is very close to certain networks, you
see, to give information.
Why is it one of the most important glands? Because it receives all the information.
Ocular already starts...
Just the arteriovenous system, just the chiasms,
of facial type, of neurocranium type, viscerocranium.
So this gland, really, is completely and continuously informed of what is happening.
That's why it will give with the hypothalamus, here, tac,
ok, we're going to give you continuous adaptation schemes.
Auditory pathway, your kinetic pathway that will inform your scheme.
At the same time, there is a laterality that will be continuously given by the debate.
embryological on the nodal axis plane with the movement of laterality
where we will
find information from the right heart, a counter-rotation at the mediastinal level
to the left, a counter-rotation to the left here with
finally an eye that will adapt in a left laterality.
So I start here like this, there I will counterbalance,
my heart will do this,
my whole mediastinum.
My left hand, and my eye, what should it do?
It must make a right correction.
So I have both a spiral like this,
in my verticality for my horizontality.
So I will continually seek this adaptation
in relation to my mediastinal system.
So an ocular imbalance can be a mediastinal destabilization.
All of this is in synchronicity.
There are certain reflexes that are interesting.
The reflex, for example, fronto-orbital.
If I tap here, the palpebral closure will always occur.
There is the oculocephalogyric reflex,
so the movement of rebalancing always at the level of the eyes.
And then a reflex that is interesting is the auriculocardiac reflex.
A light pressure on the eyes
can rebalance problems of fibrillation
or supraventricular tachycardia, I think.
In fact, one day, a child arrived
in this tachycardic phenomenon, in this destabilization.
cardiac, and in fact, he simply pressed on the eyeballs. To ensure a
regulation of tonic, postural activity, especially when standing, there is an eye
that will be
postural, but you also have an eye that is dominant. It is not always
the same.
Your dominant eye is not necessarily your postural eye. Sometimes,
yes, sometimes
no. So these are the famous spirals that we will find like this. And the eye,
the eye,
will make a movement like this.
It's these two spiraled worlds of the orbit
and the eye that will cross.
And that will give a rebalancing.
It also ultimately gives a spiral in depth,
and which will, in relation to the eye,
give almost visual zones.
With axes on the spiraled plane,
we will see that the ocular axis will...
found on the zone
practically ocular.
These are other axes here.
And precisely, if we see
the upper part and the lower part,
we see how all this will
cross again in the
system between bregma
and the pituitary,
the hyoid, c2, c3,
the hyoid, you see.
It's as if there was still a geometry
specific organization that had
been established. Yet another
level of information where we see the facial, orbital organization here, you see, which is an axis
in which we have a representation of about 90 degrees, a visual axis of 45
degrees, with your pure visual axis here, with only a possibility of change of 23 degrees. So
you see your axis
possible in a fixed eye. So that means the eye has a range
of freedom,
of integration.
ultimately,
luminous, neurosensory, pure, of 23 degrees.
This number 23 is found in quite a few circumstances.
The inclination of the Earth's balance
in relation to the Sun and in relation to the Moon,
is 23 degrees.
The inclination at the level of your vestibular system,
at some point, it will make an angle of 23 degrees.
The heart will incline at 23 degrees.
You will respond to almost external information.
internal information.
And then, we have even more specific axes
which will also be interesting to study.
We see here, for example, we have an axis
from the eye to the petrous level
or a purely orbital axis
You can have different lesions that will be found.
We have these purely axes here
with the descending information,
the ascending information.
But here, we see for example
an interesting axis.
it's this petrous axis, and there you have
a relationship already with the mastoid.
And I remind you that this whole side
mastoid here, it is it
precisely that contains the entire system
of the inner ear.
This means that the eye, in relation
to that, if I already have a destabilization
between that axis
and in relation to the eye, I can have a destabilization
in my balance system.
And so I will create saccades
specific, either by
what we call specific lesions,
of the eye, but also memories that are recorded.
Because sometimes, you can correct
vertigo like that,
but there is a memory that is integrated
in the bone, or that is integrated in a scheme
purely electrical,
of axial order.
With here functional lines
craniometric of health, that will be found.
With, in the middle, this famous
stellate diaphragm, which is a powerful fulcrum
on the median line,
with Cloquet's canal
which will integrate.
with the optic nerve, and we see here the whole system
with the anterior and posterior sphenoids,
with the attachments of the tentorium cerebelli.
So the cerebellum, again, will be very important in its rebalancing
on a functional level, so simply taking this cerebellum
and rebalancing it in relation to space.
I remind you that it is part of the function,
already of the primitive pontine flexion,
with the meeting of the superior leaflet.
and the future integration of this entire pontine system,
so of the entire integration of the cerebellum,
which makes a movement both like this,
but like this, at the same time as the tentorium cerebelli is put in place.
So it contains all the information of this setup.
So the fact of rebalancing a tentorium cerebelli,
from Asterion, which is important,
which is also in relation to the Astragalus,
Astragalus, Asterion, these are things,
each step frees.
Asterion. So that means that
problems up there can be problems
of the heel.
We will have to go and see what is happening at that level.
So there is also a transverse functional line,
ocular-anterior,
which is also important, and a vestibulo-vestibular line,
which is related
to this line here.
That's why we have saccade research
also, or rebalancing research
in the anteroposterior plane,
or laterality. I told you,
when I work, I pay attention
to look at the eye, to look at the eye movement,
and to look a little at how the eye will position itself in space,
and how sometimes the eye is fixed like that.
So sometimes we can see that people are fixed on a pattern,
and in fact it's called the areas.
For example, if we take the right eye first,
if you look up and to the right,
you are in a visualization of creation.
Whereas if you look horizontally,
the eye,
will be in relation, you see, these small eye movements.
There, you will have what is called created hearing.
Whereas down, to the right,
you will have everything that is called the kinesthetic side,
sensation of internal feeling
or sensation of external feeling.
Up to the left, it's a memory.
And down and to the left,
it's that you are constantly in internal dialogue.
I do a whole liberation work a little at this level,
then I do a research work at the level of the eyeball.
And I look at his preferential eye movement.
And there, it will orient me towards visual, auditory, kinesthetic levels,
internal, external kinesthetic.
Sometimes, you may have been disturbed in your life by an external noise.
You have your whole postural scheme fixed on it.
People who have suffered trauma, for example,
For example, during attacks, they are blocked on very deep patterns.
In that, they are sometimes blocked.
And so, sometimes you have to decode them, you have to help them get out of these patterns.
To the left, in the middle, auditory memory.
Below, continuous internal dialogue.